hey buddy are you doing how you doing hi
this is bj of gallant realm and i'm here
with Bam and we're playing bumpers the
levels course go ahead BAM right now
we're on the first level waiting for the
elevator to come down there's the
elevator get on it yeah move it up to
the next level now all the scores are
ten times is anybody on that little but
we're going up to the third level 100
times well we have an hour really score
points whoa four thousand for good
Bam's plan with the zemo then we have it
connected to our flat screen TV here
dropping down to the second level scores
up up we fill down the first level now
it's closer not multiplied at this level
but eventually all of the players fall
down to the first level you have to play
at this level hit him hard
go for the guys in the baseball caps
those are my favorites Oh jumped right
over all right 27,000